what up everybody what up everybody and
welcome welcome to casualty v2 and
welcome to another cast reaction another
cast reaction ok we're talking about
shakira we're talking about the self
entitled album that includes the smash
hit can't remember to forget you
featuring rihanna now shakira released
her album cover that is the thumbnail I
will not put it in the video if you want
to see the thumbnail go to my main page
um click my name and then go to my main
page and you'll be able to see what the
album cover looks like anyway um she
also will be teaming up with target and
target is going to be giving us three
bonus tracks so if you get the album
from target it's going to be available
for pre-order January 26 that mean you
can pre-order the album and at target
you're going to get three bonus
exclusive tracks now the album comes out
march to 21st in europe and it will be
out march to 25th and the United States
and of course yours truly your boy you
know I will have it and um I will be
doing a review on it as soon as the
fuckin comes out cuz that's what we do
on casual TV we break music we talk
about music because we love music and
not just because we're going through the
motions man we love music over here cuz
that's what we do that's how we that's
why we that's what the hell me oh I'm
sorry I got just a little bit excited
there anyway folks I'm just clouded over
here man it's been a beautiful week for
me man it is fucking 60 degrees outside
here in Florida it feels fucking great
it's not all hot and sticky I get to
look at beautiful women make beautiful
music um I got a Beyonce album the
austin mahone single just came out the
arm we still wait no cock out of it
go go where the hell is it do what you
want you know what I'm not even asking
them or no don't give it to me the end
gaga q q and r kelly go piss on somebody
mother that's right i am censoring
myself just a little bit because i
understand that i have kid fans and they
like listening to me but um their
parents be freaking out at me because of
how much i curse so i am taking back
some of the curse words i'm not going to
curse as much i will censor myself and
some people actually find that freaking
funny anyway shakira the self entitled
album drops here in the United States
March 25th Europe I'm real salty cuz
you're gonna get the album four days
early but of course this is me you know
I'm gonna have my copy early as hell so
that I can do my official review anyway
drop your comments down below I talk to
you guys next time deuces